docs: Add security policy. (#1262)
slsa-framework/slsa-github-generator: CONTRIBUTING.md

- [actions-test](https://github.com/ianlewis/actions-test/tree/main/.github/workflows)
- [slsa-on-github-test](https://github.com/laurentsimon/slsa-on-github-test/tree/main/.github/workflows)

### Preferred Languages

We prefer the use of the following programming languages:

- [Go](https://go.dev/) - For builders/generators.
- [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) - For GitHub actions.
- [Bash](https://www.gnu.org/software/bash/) - For scripts in GitHub actions and workflows.

> We do not have a strict rule that proscribes the use of specific language use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We do not have a strict rule that proscribes the use of a specific language.
```

> However, any PRs that intruduce a new language should include justification for
> adding the new language as well as a plan for adding tooling that introduces the
> necessary tooling and testing infrastructure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, any PRs that introduce a new language should include justification for
adding the new language as well as a plan for adding the necessary tooling and
testing infrastructure.
```
